Schedule maintenance (#81)
CrunchyData/bridge-cli: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- `cb maintenance` command now supports `cancel` and `create`
- `cb network` command added to manage networks. Supports `list` and `info`.
- `cb upgrade status` returns maintenance window information

> - `cb upgrade start` command accepts `--starting-from` and `--now` options that
>    specify upgrade failower window. Default to cluster maintenance window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cb upgrade start` command accepts `--starting-from` and `--now` options that
   specify upgrade failover window.
```
